The Joe Rogan experience.
What did you say that Bert made a video of the homeless?
It's not as Instagram fast. If I can pull it up because crusher,
he was driving up Highland avenue in Hollywood and was just saying like,
he wasn't showing the whole video during it, but he was like at a stoplight.
And like there was tents the whole way up here.
And he's extremely like this also a really nice 10.
People want me to talk to bird crushers.
Bird is the word I looking at.
Bird.
Oh, it's in his Instagram story. That,
his stories will go on for years for a long. He goes,
it doesn't every 15 seconds might even be deleted.
Now it's crazy.
Productivity wise. He's basically the Elon Musk of Instagram stories.
Because it's not showing up or it could be one of these.
Is it? Well there's so there it is.
There's tents all the way up on a Highland people.
We're living on this side of the street. This is insane.
This is literally hundreds of tents everywhere. Uh,
by the way, that's a nice 10. Also, those are two very nice tents.
I wonder if the city's giving them out because we don't have a tent that night.
I mean, I'm not even joking. Our tent isn't even that nice.
Wow.
That's a, that's a tiny image he showed, you know, you didn't,
you didn't get to see the real homeless situation,
but Bridget fetisi sent me a video when she was driving by Venice and it's a
minute and a half long of just straight tents as she's driving down the road.
Just nothing but tents. Yeah. How do you put that genie back in the bottle, Lex?
Wow.
This is, oh, you mean it's a slippery slope now, listen,
I've been thinking about, you know, a bunch of tech folks are moving to Austin,
right? In terms of, uh, uh, in terms of starting businesses.
So that's one of the questions they're asking, like,
where's this headed and you're talking about the homeless problem, but.
The governor just today came out and said that if, uh,
the city does not reimpose a ban on camping,
that the state is going to step in.
Well.
Yeah, because people are there. There's safety concerns.
People are openly deprecating on the streets. There's a, you know,
it's not nearly as bad here as it is in California,
but it's way worse here than I've ever seen it.
Before. But you know, homelessness is, it feels like that's a symptom,
not the problem. Right. I mean, is that, uh.
It's hard to say because homelessness was horrific in San Francisco before the
pandemic. Right.
And the concern is that when you are too
lenient on the homeless folks and just allow them to camp whenever they want
wherever they want, wherever they want, they just do it.
And if you don't put up rules, if you try to be progressive and open-minded,
it's like, these are, they'd like to have new words for them,
the unhoused and like that. And when you do that,
you open up the door for more of them to migrate there because there's like,
there was a video that somebody put up of them interviewing these homeless guys.
And like, why do you like San Francisco? And they said, first of all,
they give us food. They give us money. They, they let us, you know, they're,
they're really loose. They let us camp where we want.
And these guys had moved to San Francisco to be homeless,
which is a problem.
But see, just like you said,
that problem is tied up with the fact that a lot of people are struggling
financially because of COVID. So it's like, yeah,
it feels like trying to solve the homelessness problem.
Isn't direct tension with trying to take care of people who are struggling.
Well, I think it shows that there's a problem with people losing a
place to live and that the solution is not necessarily let them camp out
anywhere they want. I, they, there,
there should be some sort of a step that the government takes,
whether it's to develop housing or to build something for them.
But when you let them just camp and everywhere,
then you ruin all the other spaces, right?
Like the best way to keep the city intact and to try to help these people is to
implement some sort of a program where you provide housing for them,
letting them just camp on the street. That's chaos. Like now you've,
you've up everything.
So this particular state government just seems incompetent at solving
this particular problem,
but it also seems to be not very good at solving some other problems, right.
In terms of encouraging businesses to stay there, California, California, sorry.
Yeah. Sorry. Yeah.
Well, it's, it's, it's, it's, over-regulated so crazy regulated state,
you know,
and it's also very high taxes and there's a lot of people that are recognizing
that there's other places that don't have any state taxes.
Like why would I stay in a place that's described? It's there.
They're telling you, you can't work. They're closing down businesses.
Gavin Newsome today is there's a lawsuit got filed by more than 50 San
Francisco bay area restaurants and bars trying to say like, why,
why are we closed? Like this doesn't make any sense. You should,
you can't just keep doing this forever. And some places are starting to wake up.
My hope is that a lot of this was political as gross as that sounds.
And that now that Biden and Harris are in that they'll open things back up.
And the mayor of Chicago said this,
the mayor of New York has said we have to open things back up. And I'm hoping,
I'm hoping that they take this chance.
We'll go the other way as well though. Right. It's uh,
the other way is now that there is a,
a Democrat in office that they could see that as a pass, to,
to pass further regulations and push this closed economy,
going into a lockdown further, why would.
They do that though?
I, listen, I was started as a terrible idea.
The long-term consequences on the economy are going to be potentially orders of
magnitude worse on our, like the fabric of our society.
So I don't know why they would do that.
The sort of the Michael mouse. So the devil on my shoulder. Okay. Michael
Wearing a white suit, uh, or the devil wears a suit and tie, right? Yeah.
That's a, bad-ass I've been listening to that.
How good is that guy as amazing to wall and your story, uh, sorry,
on a small tangent, your story that he doesn't,
he hasn't been on your podcast because.
Working on a ranch, like as a rancher, as legit,
like we reached out to them and was like, well,
he's working on the ranch right now. Like, what is he doing on that ranch?
He's a cowboy, like a legit cowboy. Like.
There's literally no more bad-ass thing to do. Then turn down, uh,
Joe Rogan experience, uh.
Appearance, massive promotion. He's like, eh, I'd rather just rope steers.
Yeah. But the Michael malice devil, uh, argument is that, you know,
that's one way for the government to gain more control or the populace is, uh,
to, to fearmonger say that there's a big problem. And that magnify the,
the sort of the narrative around how big that problem is. And unfortunately,
from my perspective, uh, as a scientist to use scientists to say, look,
scientists are saying, there's a huge problem.
Sort of use science as a tool of fear-mongering and then gain
further and further control of the pipe. That's the devil on the, on the,
on the shoulder. Yeah.
I have to have an incentive to do that. Like,
why would they want that kind of control while also devastating the economy?
They need the economy because they need tax revenue.
If they're not getting tax revenue,
how are they gonna feed the military industrial complex?
How are they going to feed all their businesses?
How are they going to feed the pharmaceutical industry? Like what we,
all these people that finance their campaigns and all these banks
that pay for them to speak after they get out of office,
where's the money coming from now? If there's no economy, I don't think that,
I think that's like one of them doom and gloom,
Q Anon type deals where people are thinking like, this is,
they want to kill half the population and you know, yeah, no.
I agree with you, everything you said incentive wise, it makes sense.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.